Extend product quantities section (#489)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/developer/products.mdx

> The `address` parameter is used to check the quantity in a warehouse that is connected with a shipping zone that includes the given address. If not provided, Saleor will use a warehouse with the highest available quantity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `address` parameter checks the quantity in the warehouse connected with the shipping zone that includes the given address. If not provided, Saleor will use the warehouse with the highest available quantity.
```

}
```

- The `quantityAvailable` is a sum of stock quantities from all available stocks.

>   In this case, the sum is bigger than the `MAX_CHECKOUT_LINE_QUANTITY` so the maximum
>   value of 50 products is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In this case, the sum is higher than the `MAX_CHECKOUT_LINE_QUANTITY`, so the maximum value of 50 products is returned.
```

> - the `quantityAvailable` is a sum of stock quantities from all available stocks,
>   in this case, the sum is bigger than the `MAX_CHECKOUT_LINE_QUANTITY` so the maximum
>   value is returned - 50 pcs available to buy

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `quantityAvailable` is a sum of stock quantities from all available stocks.
  In this case, the sum is bigger than the `MAX_CHECKOUT_LINE_QUANTITY` so the maximum
  value of 50 products is returned.
```

> - `stocks` contain a full list of stock quantities in every of the warehouses

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `stocks` contain a full list of stock quantities in each warehouse.
```

:::note

> When the product has a track inventory turned off, the `quantityAvailable` will be always

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the product has the track inventory turned off, the `quantityAvailable` will always be
```

> When the product has a track inventory turned off, the `quantityAvaible` will be always
> equal to `MAX_CHECKOUT_LINE_QUANTITY` value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the product has a track inventory turned off, the `quantityAvailable` will always
equal to the `MAX_CHECKOUT_LINE_QUANTITY` value.
```

:::

### Getting the available quantity for the particular address

The quantity available can be fetched for the given address. The returned quantity
is the sum of the quantity from all stocks that are available in the shipping zone that

> support provided address. When the address is not provided the highest quantity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
supports provided address. When the address is not provided the highest quantity

```

> supports provided address. When the address is not provided the highest quantity
> from available shipping zones is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
supports provided address. When the address is not provided, the highest quantity
from available shipping zones is returned.
```

Reviewer 3: What does "available" shipping zones mean? Does it mean "from all available shipping zones in the system"?

Author: IMO, the `available shipping zones` are explained in the previous sentence

> The returned quantity is the sum of the quantity from all stocks that are available in the shipping zone that supports provided address.

To get the `quantityAvailable` for a particular address use the `address` parameter:
Request:

```graphql {3-5}
query {
    productVariant(id: "UHJvZHVjdFZhcmlhbnQ6MjAz", channel: "default-channel") {
    quantityAvailable(
      address: {"country": "US"}
    )
    stocks {
      warehouse {
        slug
      }
      quantity
      quantityAllocated
    }
  }
}
```

Response:

```json {4,10-11,17-18}
{
  "data": {
    "productVariant": {
      "quantityAvailable": 20,
      "stocks": [
        {
          "warehouse": {
            "slug": "europe"
          },
          "quantity": 30,
          "quantityAllocated": 0
        },
        {
          "warehouse": {
            "slug": "americas"
          },
          "quantity": 20,
          "quantityAllocated": 0
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

> As a response we get the quantity 20 as the `americas` is the only warehouse that is
> available in the `US`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the response, we get the available quantity of 20 as the `americas` is the only warehouse available in the `US`.
````

In the case when the address is not provided, the quantity for the shipping zone with
the highest available quantity is returned.

### Handling collection point warehouses in the quantity calculations

> The collection point warehouses are treated as a magic single-warehouse shipping zone.

Reviewer 3: If we say that something is "magic" I feel like we don't explain it properly, things should not be magic to our users :) 
```suggestion
The collection point warehouses are treated as a single-warehouse shipping zone.
```

> - In the case of a local collection point warehouse, the calculated quantity will be equal
>   to the quantity of this local warehouse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the case of a local collection point warehouse, the calculated quantity will equal the quantity of this local warehouse.
```

> - In the case of a global collection point warehouse the quantity will be equal to the sum

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the case of a global collection point warehouse the quantity will equal the sum
```

  of available quantity from all stocks that are available in the provided country code
  and channel. When the country is not provided the quantity will be the sum of quantities
  from all stocks that are available in the given channel, regardless of the shipping zone.

## Media

> Product media are images or videos that can be associated with products and used to render product galleries. The `Product` type contains two fields that refer to its media:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Product media are images or videos associated with products and used to render product galleries. The `Product` type contains two fields that refer to its media:
```
